RC: Version Management Phase A (#889)
redis/docs: content/embeds/rc-version-upgrade.md

> Select **Version upgrade** to request to upgrade your subscription and databases (*Redis 7.2 and earlier only*).

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention specific versions. It will force us to update in the future. Just saying later available version is enough IMO

Author: ```suggestion
Select **Version upgrade** to request to upgrade your subscription and databases if there is a later version available.
```

{{<image filename="images/rc/button-version-upgrade.png" width=150px alt="Version upgrade button." >}}

Select the version to upgrade your databases from the list and select **Upgrade** to submit the upgrade request.

{{<image filename="images/rc/version-upgrade-request.png" width=80% alt="Version upgrade request list with version 7.4 selected." >}}

> The upgrade will start one week from your request, according to [maintenance windows]({{< relref "/operate/rc/subscriptions/maintenance/set-maintenance-windows" >}}). 

Reviewer: "..according to the subscription's maintenance windows.
